doc: add qemu tutorial (#1863)
canonical/cloud-init: doc/rtd/topics/tutorials/qemu-debugging.rst

Did cloud-init discover the IMDS webserver?
===========================================

The webserver should print a message in the terminal for each request it
receives.  If it didn't print out any messages when the virtual machine booted,
then cloud-init was unable to obtain the config. Make sure that the webserver
can be locally accessed using ``curl`` or ``wget``.

.. code-block:: sh

   $ curl 0.0.0.0:8000/user-data
   $ curl 0.0.0.0:8000/meta-data
   $ curl 0.0.0.0:8000/vendor-data

Did the IMDS webserver serve the expected files?
================================================================

If the webserver prints out 404 errors when launching Qemu, then first check
that you started the server in the temp directory.

Were the configurations inside the file correct?
===================================================
When launching Qemu, if the webserver shows that it succeeded in serving
``user-data``, ``meta-data``, and ``vendor-data``, but you cannot log in, then
you may have provided incorrect cloud-config files. If you can mount a copy of
the virtual machine's filesystem locally to inspect the logs, it should be
possible to get clues about what went wrong.

> .. _script: https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/tutorials/qemu-script.sh

Reviewer: Should this be an internal link?

Author: Thanks! Fixed in c77b0579c8363929de6

> .. _debug information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _qemu_debug_info:
```

Reviewer 2: For consistency with all the other links I'd stick an underline in there. Also, debug information seems like it could have broad applications, so I'd also recommend making the tag more specific to the page (in case we need to use "debug information" for a more general page in the future)

> Qemu Tutorial Debugging

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Qemu tutorial debugging
```

***********************

You may wish to test out the commands in this tutorial as a `script`_
to check for copy-paste mistakes.

If you successfully launched the virtual machine, but couldn't log in,
there are a few places to check to debug your setup.

To debug, answer the following questions:

> Did cloud-init discover the imds webserver?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Did cloud-init discover the IMDS webserver?
```

Reviewer 2: (You capitalised the acronym previously, but I'm not sure which is correct - please disregard this comment/suggestion if it shouldn't be capitalised)

===========================================

The webserver should print a message in the terminal for each request it
receives.  If it didn't print out any messages when the virtual machine booted,
then cloud-init was unable to obtain the config. Make sure that the webserver
can be locally accessed using ``curl`` or ``wget``.

.. code-block:: sh

   $ curl 0.0.0.0:8000/user-data
   $ curl 0.0.0.0:8000/meta-data
   $ curl 0.0.0.0:8000/vendor-data

> Did the imds webserver serve the files it was expected to serve?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Did the IMDS webserver serve the expected files?
```

================================================================

> When launching Qemu, if the webserver prints out 404 errors, then try to figure
> out why those files can't be served.
> 
> Did you forget to start the server in the temp directory?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the webserver prints out 404 errors when launching Qemu, then first check that you started the server in the temp directory. 

```

> Were the configurations inside of the file correct?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Were the configurations inside the file correct?
```

Reviewer 2: Also, just want to double check what file "the file" refers to here?

Author: Good point. This refers to the user-data configuration file. I'll add that.
